welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain the russian
scientific thriller film
comma a boy named victor is shown as the
film starts who wakes up but a strange
thing occurs here
that he is not getting ability to
remember anything after waking up
he is also unable to remember who made
his room messy
why did he do there are some drawn
sketches on the board before him
it is seeming as it is the model of a
city but nothing is in his memory even
about it
then his room ceiling begins to turn
into black colors
the whole model of his room starts to
change he is confused
and he comes out of this place but he
observes coming outside
all things have been changed nothing is
like in its real form as it should be
the buildings of that place are flying
in the air as gravitational force has
ended
then some of the people begin to pass
beside him they were also looking
mysterious
some have no head others have no arm
while some people's body were drilled
but they were walking properly victor
does not understand anything before
concluding something a black monstrous
creature appears before him
it is nearly to kill victor then three
persons appear and rescue him
there are two men and a girl they save
victor but that black monstrous creature
is still after them
they are continuously running and they
reach a place while running
where the stairway ends there is no way
to walk further
then victor is afraid thinking how he
will go ahead then those three persons
suggest him to jump from here
there will be no any harm but victor is
frightening and he does not act upon it
one of them pushes victor so he falls
into the market
he reaches there while sliding and those
three people also come after him
now the strange thing is that black
monstrous creature had also reached here
after them
victor is not understanding why it is
after them that black monstrous creature
was going to kill them
then one of those three persons
sacrifices his life
now a boy and a girl are survived among
them they are still with
victor now victor is walking along with
that girl
then he asks that girl who are you what
am i doing in this world
which place is this about which i never
heard a sort ill now
that girl whose name is fly tells victor
this is the world when the people enter
when they are in coma
you are eventually in coma state this is
the world where all people's memories
exist
victor asks her why is this world so
mysterious
fly tells him it is not compulsory that
people's memory may be remembered
some people begin to forget in the state
of koma they hallucinate
this world is the blend of those
unconscious thoughts so it looks like
this
then fly also shows him her house which
is in the air
that was an awkward building then they
reached fly's house while traveling in
an old bus
where victor asks from her about that
black monstrous creature
then flight tells him the most
astonishing fact
that a person appears in the black
monstrous creature who dies in the state
of coma
victor feels astonishment hearing this
fact fly says to him
enough come i show you your room now
they move to the new room of
victor she also tells him that your same
dreams in the state of coma will be
turned into the reality here
victor dreams that he has faced the car
accident he notices that there is the
same car in his room as he wakes up
and he is also lying wounded in that car
then fly a circumflex euro as that
partner comes there
fo has rescued the life of victor he
says witnessing
victor wow your house is very attractive
which is situated here
i am realizing seeing you that you may
possess multi powers
come i reveal you how these may be
utilized practically
for this purpose every person has to
appear in some trials
then a robotic machine appears there
which falls down victor torturing it
it begins to tease him in spite of it
victor
is unable to remember his abilities that
man
asks victor when you were in conscious
before the state of coma what job was
you used to do
victor tells him i was an architect next
day
there are many people along with victor
and they are going for a mission
victor has to grab the weapons from some
of the people here
so they reach that place but those
people start to attack them
possessing these weapons they start to
fire at them
victor and his companions get access to
those weapons in some way
then three black monstrous creatures
appear before it which have been named
reaper in this movie
these reapers had appeared to stop them
a man is leaving
taking the explosive from there that
black monstrous appears after him
before it arrives to him that man falls
down who was leaving
taking the explosives then victor
touches his fingers on his head
he attempts to remember something as
being architect he gains the ability
that he may make any structure so he
creates a structure there
using his mind and that man is protected
from falling
so they immediately returned to their
home rapers are not able to capture them
all compliments victor reaching at home
saying you did a good job
then an agent comes there and says to
victor i liked your work
do you know the structure of this city
where we are living is connected with
the memories of those places
but we never encountered a man who can
make a new structure
using his mental abilities why may you
not make a new city for us
in which you will take care of
everything as an architect be careful
that city should be like this where that
black monstrous creature may not come
there
victor are shows why not i will attempt
at most
they begin to move to that place as the
new day rides
where they had to build a new city but
reapers appear there before they start
their work there
those reapers begin to attack them all
are surprised too much
how that three first track that we were
coming towards this place
we came here carefully then fly's
companion appears there
he takes a tracking device from victor's
body he says that creepers creatures
here while tracing this device
paul asked him did you fix this device
in victor's body
he tells no why will i fix he raises his
hands and says
pointing a man he will be responsible
then that man fires his gun on him
he is not survived and dies there there
is also the rule of this world that a
man will be turned into a
reaper who meets his end in this world
then all leave from there thinking
that he will prove dangerous for us if
he is turned into
three births soon then the rest of the
people begin to move from there
the people are wanting to go to their
vehicles so they drive to their homes
from there
but reapers are beside them so victor
starts to attempt
that he may make a structure using his
mind but he is unable to do it is being
wounded and exhausted
so he loses his consciousness there when
he wakes up then he is in the hospital
of the real world
he begins to have the flashbacks of that
girl fly who was the close friend in the
real world
but there is nothing in their memory in
the world of coma
because there some of the memories had
lost in the state of the coma
then victor remembers that he had come
in the hospital along with fly
but fly was not allowed to enter victor
had entered the hospital alone
here he meets a man he was the same man
who was their leader in the world of
coma
and he was the first to arrive in the
coma world he tells
victor that i have conducted some
experiments and i know there is surely
something in our mind that can create
something new we can live in our wanted
world if we wish
we can face it believe me we can lead
more happy life there
he also says something motive victor i
need you
you will have to partake in my project
do you know when we can create our new
world
when we will be in coma and i will have
to set you in the state of coma
believe me we are going to get much
benefit of it
victor says not at all he points them a
gun in order to threaten them
he runs outside from there his friend
fly is waiting for him outside
fly starts to drive the car speedily as
victor quickly gets seated in the car
but their car is crashed with a truck
moving a little ahead
and they both are knocked out it was the
same sight which used to be dreamt by
victor that evil man captures them
appearing there
as they are wounded badly after being
knocked out and he makes them the part
of his project
he makes them in a prolonged unconscious
but that old man says to victor
before it that look it was necessary for
me to perform it
there is no doubt that you are the best
architect in this world
but you can never make a structure
immediately with your thoughts
which you will be able to make in the
coma world it was the same
it was observed how victor used to make
any structure quickly only by the
strength of his mind
then he also shows that man who was the
partner of fly
in coma world he is crippled in the real
world
but he was walking properly in the coma
world now that man also says to victor
you will have to go to the world of coma
fly
and his companions need you as the
project is accomplished you may return
to this real world
he injects something to victor with it
victor wakes up on his bed
it is the same sight seen in the
beginning of the movie
now victor had returned to the same
place from where he came
he builds a very beautiful city using
his mind abilities where no reaper could
enter
then that man tells them that you all
are in the state of unconsciousness in
the real world
you are so diseased that you maybe died
at any time
so your systems have been fixed is such
that you all will be killed after a few
seconds of that world
and the seconds of that world are equal
to the minutes of this world
you may have only 10 to 15 minutes for
survival
afterwards you will be ended forever
here do you know what will happen after
the death
that man enters that structure with it
because no
reaper could reach there they all were
going to transform into the
repos here after death it is proved here
that old man had deceived them
he himself wanted to rule the place
where no one may disturb him here
there are some people who begin to plan
how they may kill this man
meanwhile their one of the friend is
vanished after converting into dust
now victor says to all of them i am
remembering something little by little
where is that hospital in this world
where we are now let's go there
now they all begin to move to that
hospital it was the best thing that
hospital was in their memory
this hospital is also in the coma world
they enter the hospital but they are not
recalling that room where they are lying
unconscious
now victor tries to remember then he
recalls a little structure of his room
before it his one more partner is
vanished after being a dust
now only victor and flight had left they
begin to step towards that room
then the table man and that agent appear
there who begin to stop them
making their own structure then a
creeper appears there who covers that
man
that creeper is not anyone else but the
same partner of
fly who had rescued victor along with
fly and another man in the beginning
here that soldier squad was died victor
and
fly start to step towards stretcher
moving there they reach that room of
quickter
then they wake up in their real world it
is seen in the real world that
fly and quickter are closely befriended
victor again starts the job as an
architect but he was not earning his
living soundly
then he receives the offer from that
evil man it means that he was alive in
this world in spite of dying in the coma
world
he had returned back here obviously this
project was made by him
so he had the knowledge of all the
techniques he says to twitter you may
make the structure again in the coma
world returning back there
it depends on you victor clenches his
fist and he thinks either he should go
or not
the movie completes on this scene
subscribe for watch more video
turn on notification don't forget to
like comment and share
thank you for watching and your time
you